1. How would you define Machine Learning:
A computer program that learns from data, generalizes the data, and improves based on new data.
2. Four problems where Machine Learning shines:
- good for problems with no algorithmic solution, replace hand-tuned rules, adapt to fluctuating envs, help humans learn
Spam filters, voice recognition, clustering web visitors, facial recognition
3. Labelled Training Set:
Training set of data with both the data and its classification (label) already
4. Most common supervised tasks:
Classification and Regression
5. Four common unsupervised tasks:
-also association rule learning: dig into large amts of data to find interesting relations
Dimensionality reduction, clustering groups, visualization, anomaly detection
6. To make a robot walk in various terrains
Probably reinforcement learning
7. Type of algorith to segment customers
Clustering algorithm
8.Spam detection: supervised or unsupervised?
Supervised, certain emails tagged as spam, notice pattern in that since they are labelled
9.Online learning
-learn incrementally, good at adapting and training with lots of data
Trains each round on only a mini-batch or small part of the total data set instead of all of it
10.Out-of-core learning
-type of online learning; mini-batches
When all the data cannot fit on a machine, it loads part of the data, trains, and then loads a different part
of the data.
11.What algorithms rely on similarity measure to make predicitions?
-instance-based learns training data by haert and generalizes by similarity to the training instances
12.Difference between a model parameter and learning algorithm's hyperparameter
-model param used to determine how model will predict. Hyperparameter is parameter of the algorithm.
Parameter is a variable in a model, which is chosen by the learning algorithm. A hyperparameter works with
how a learning algorithm acts, and is thus not changed by the algorithm.
13.What do model based algorithms search for? Most common strategy for their success? How do they make predictions?
Model based algorithms look for a trend and try to fit it by tweaking parameters to minimize the cost function.
The cost function is an evaluation technique, how far data points are from the model's function. They make
predictions on the model's trendline.
14.Four main challenges of Machine Learning.
-lack of data, poor data quality, nonrepresentative data, bad features, overfitting and underfitting
Overfitting, underfitting, noise, data cleaning, useless features, high dimensions
15.If performs well on the training set but not on test set, it is overfitting. Possible solutions:
-simplify model, reduce noise in training data
Decrease params in model, regularize model, different model.
16.Test set?
Split data set into train, validation, test. Test set is there for the very end of a model to best tested on. This
is for evaluation, and it is so we know if it is overfitting or underfitting.
17. Validation set?
-used to compare models and tune hyperparameters
Purpose of validation set is to train multiple models with different hyperparameters using the training set, test on
validation set, and only when all is said and done do you use the test set.
18. Tuning hyperparameters of test set
This is bad because you generalize for that set, but not generalize for all data. You will likely overfit the set.
19.Cross validation
-compare models without a validation set.
Use several combinations of sections of the data to use as validation. This works better because you "waste" less
data and can still validate.